examples/ofb_pipe/README.md, before:

# ofb_pipe

This program reads its standard input and encrypts/decrypts it using AES_OFB_128 (in OFB enryption and decryption is the same operation - XORing input data with the keystream).

When ran without arguments it will print usage and exit:

```
Usage: ./ofb_pipe [keyfile] [options]
Options:
   -d   decrypt instead of encrypting

When encrypting, first 16 bytes SENT is IV (generated randomly)
When decrypting, first 16 bytes RECEIVED is IV
```

Keyfile __has__ to be at least 16 bytes long, and first 16 bytes of the file will be used as the key.

When encrypting a file example usage may look like this (assuming `keyfile.secret` contains the key):
```
$ cat infile | ./ofb_pipe keyfile.secret > outfile
$ ./ofb_pipe keyfile.secret < infile > outfile
```

To decrypt data swap `infile` and `outfile` around and add `-d` as the third argument.

Input and output might also be network sockets when piped from/to netcat or other similar commands. Example commands used to send input from one terminal to the output of another terminal, potentially on another machine, through an encrypted TCP tunnel (both parties must obviously use the same preshared `keyfile.secret`):

```
# receiving (listening)
$ nc -l [address] -p [port] | ./ofb_pipe keyfile.secret -d | cat
# sending (connecting)
$ cat | ./ofb_pipe keyfile.secret | nc [address] [port]
```

It's important to note that, while the program works on a stream of bytes instead of blocks and may be used to encrypt streams such as sockets, it is still important to not divide encrypted output from it into parts, because first 16 bytes written to output when encrypting and first 16 bytes read from input when decrypting is treated as the IV.

Commit message:

Change READMEs a bit, add plaintext versions
Change wording in READMEs for the sake of readability.

Add README.txt next to every README.md in case i move this
repo away from Github.

examples/ofb_pipe/README.md, after:

# ofb_pipe

This program reads its standard input and encrypts/decrypts it using AES_OFB_128 (in OFB enryption and decryption is the same operation - XORing input data with the keystream).

When ran without arguments it will print usage and exit:

```
Usage: ./ofb_pipe [keyfile] [options]
Options:
   -d   decrypt instead of encrypting

When encrypting, first 16 bytes SENT is IV (generated randomly)
When decrypting, first 16 bytes RECEIVED is IV
```

Keyfile __has__ to be at least 16 bytes long, and first 16 bytes of the file will be used as the key.

When encrypting a file example usage may look like this (assuming `keyfile.secret` contains the key):
```
$ cat infile | ./ofb_pipe keyfile.secret > outfile
$ ./ofb_pipe keyfile.secret < infile > outfile
```

To decrypt data swap `infile` and `outfile` around and add `-d` as the third argument.

Input and output could also be network sockets when piped from/to netcat or other similar commands. Example commands used to send input from one terminal to the output of another terminal, potentially on another machine, through an encrypted TCP tunnel could look like this:

```
# receiving (listening)
$ nc -l [address] -p [port] | ./ofb_pipe keyfile.secret -d | cat
# sending (connecting)
$ cat | ./ofb_pipe keyfile.secret | nc [address] [port]
```
Both parties must obviously use the same preshared `keyfile.secret`.


It's important to note that, while the program works on a stream of bytes instead of blocks and may be used to encrypt streams such as sockets, it is still important to not divide encrypted output from it into parts, because first 16 bytes written to output when encrypting and first 16 bytes read from input when decrypting is treated as the IV.
